✨ New Documentation (No large files!) ✨ (#911)
ibi-group/datatools-ui: docs/user/introduction.md

## Conceptual Overview

> The GTFS Data Manager makes the creation, updates, validation and deployment of GTFS data feeds easier.

Reviewer: I think I liked the old description better, let's keep that.
```suggestion
The GTFS Data Manager enables exchange and coordination of data creation, updates, validation and deployment of GTFS data feeds for transit schedules.
```

### Snapshots

Internally managed GTFS data sets are pulled from the GTFS Editor using “snapshots” created in the editor interface. These snapshots are static versions of the data set, that serve as save points that can be exported or used as starting point for future edits. The Data Manager only imports versions of feeds where a snapshot has been created. This allows users to ensure the correct version of data is being imported and to retrieve and review data in the future.

> *Note: See section 2.6 in GTFS Editor User Manual for more information on snapshots.*

Reviewer: Is this no longer relevant?

Author: I wasn't able to find a section 2.6 anywhere
